wbo_10_10_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbo_10_20_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbo_10_30_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbo_15_15_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbo_15_30_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbo_20_10_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbo_20_20_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbo_30_10_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbo_30_15_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbo_30_30_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_10_10_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_10_20_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_10_30_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_15_15_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_15_30_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_20_10_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_20_20_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_30_10_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_30_15_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbop_30_30_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_10_10_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_10_20_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_10_30_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_15_15_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_15_30_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_20_10_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_20_20_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_30_10_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_30_15_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

wbp_30_30_sequential_bf.txt
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

