problem_10_10_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

problem_10_20_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

problem_15_15_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

problem_15_30_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

problem_20_10_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

problem_20_20_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

problem_30_10_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

problem_30_15_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

problem_30_30_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

problem_40_20_parallel_bf.dat
Solved: -1 instances
totalTime: -1 seconds
minTime: -1 seconds
maxTime: -1 seconds
Average: -1 seconds

